We just said that using synchronous communication was maybe not the best way of solving this because
although it's really easy for you and I, it's not really the best solution from an engineering standpoint.
So in this video, we're going to take a look at a second possible solution.
As you guess, this is going to be an asynchronous communication based solution.
Remember, with asynchronous communication, we frequently introduce something called an event broker.
And the goal or purpose of this event broker is to receive notifications from some different services.
Take those notifications or those events and route them off to all the other services that we are running.
So with this approach, we're going to dramatically change how our application behaves.
We are going to introduce the idea of a query service down here.
The goal of the query service is to listen to any time that a post is created or a comment is created.
So any time a post is created or a comment is created, we're going to have these services emit an event.
The query service will then listen for those events and it's going to take all the different posts and
comes to get created and assemble them all into a very efficient data structure that can essentially
solve our root problem right now, which is to make sure that we reduce all these number of requests
down to just one single request.
So again, the goal of this query service is to take all the different posts, all the different comments,
and just serve them up to the browser in one very simple and easy request.
Let's take a look at how this would actually work in practice.
So here's where everything would start.
Whenever someone makes a post request to the post service, we're going to have our post feature emit
an event and it might look something like this.
Maybe it's an event that has some type of post created and it has some data associated with it as well.
And that data might be the actual post that was generated.
So would have an ID and a title.
The Postal Service would throw that event off to the event bus.
And then the event bus would automatically route that event or send the event off to all of our different
services that express some interest in it.
We might send that event off to our query service.
Then it would be up to the query service to somehow process this event and store some data from it.
So I've got here the query service and the event that it needs to process.
We might decide to create some kind of data structure like the one you see right here to store all these
different events that are coming in.
So in this case, we might have a kind of collection or object keeping track of all of our different
posts.
We might store the ID of every post that has been created, its title and all the relevant comments.
So any time that we see this post created event come in, we would take that ID right there.
And enter in a brand new post.
So ba1 JP five is the ID, the title is new post.
And then right now we don't have any comments associated with this post, but probably just default
this comments property right here to be an empty array for right now until we start to actually receive
some comments.
Then we can imagine that at some point in time in the future, maybe someone creates a comment tied
to that post.
So someone will make a post request to our coven service and very similar to what we just went through.
We're going to have our common service emit an event that might look a little something like this.
It might have a type of comet created and some data related or describing the comment that was just
made.
So that will go to our event bus, and the event bus is going to take that thing and route it off to
any service inside of our app that is interested in it.
Now it's up to our query service once again to process this new, different incoming event.
So we're back to work where we service.
We still have that same kind of data structure that we had before, and we've got the definition of
some existing post inside there already.
So we'll write out some code inside of our query service to process this event.
It's going to take this comment that was just created.
It's going to find the related post with this given post ID right here.
In this case, the post ID is a one JB five.
There's the post right there.
So our query service will take this comment and add it into some kind of comments array.
I'll say the idea of this comment is to j56 and the content is a comment like so.
Then at that point in time, someone can make a request directly to our query service and ask for all
the different posts and all the related comments.
And our query service really has to do now is take this entire data structure and send it out.
And inside this thing we've got all the relevant posts, all the relevant comments.
So again, this is this kind of asynchronous communication style.
So in this diagram, I just want to make sure it's really clear rather than making a request to our
post service now to get a list of all the posts and whatnot, we would instead make a get request down
to the query service instead.
So that would require making some changes inside of our React application.
Okay.
So at this point, I want to go over some pros and cons of this approach.
And it turns out, yeah, the pros and cons are identical to what we discussed before.
This query service that we're imagining creating doesn't really have any direct dependencies on other
services.
Yes, I totally agree with you.
I understand it does rely upon some incoming events that are being issued by those services.
But if those services go down for any reason, if they stop functioning, if they stop working, the
query service is still going to work as expected.
The query service is also going to be really, really fast compared to that more synchronous style of
communication.
The reason for this is that we're not making any requests between our different services anymore.
If someone ever wants to get a list of all the different posts and comments associated with them, that's
going to be one very simple request.
The downsides here are identical to the downsides we looked at previously.
We now have some data duplication.
One thing to be clear about is that even in this asynchronous style approach, if we have, say, a
post request, come in to the post service right here.
The post service is still going to store a post.
It's still going to have its own idea of what a post is, though, still being stored here.
But we're also storing what a post is or this some information about this post inside of our query service
as well.
So we now are now effectively duplicating data between these two services.
It might sound really wasteful to duplicate this data, but there are some really good reasons to persist
data between these two services and these reasons are something that we'll discuss a little bit later
on.
And then the last issue here is, well, without a doubt, way harder to understand.
No doubt about it.
From an engineering standpoint, this is a lot harder to implement because we need to be aware of all
these different events that are floating around our application.
However, when it comes down to the actual operational efficiency of this, it's going to be incredibly
fast.
No issues with dependencies on their services.
So again, if anything else goes down, this service will continue to work.
Now at this point, you might be thinking, all right, Steven.
Sure.
Whatever.
Maybe this is how it's done.
You might have some really big questions.
So I put together a quick diagram here where I think I've got some questions that you might have at
this point in time and some possible answers to them.
This video is going a little bit long, however.
So let's take a pause right here and we'll go over some of your concerns that you might have with this
approach in just a moment.